# MSR
               MSR Encryption Program.  How it works: It works by changing numbers or strings into the first letter of a month depending on the letter. Example:  "Hello" -> hbyyc  March = h February = b July = y October = c  Always go 1 to the right.  How would one decrypt the message?  Simple.  If i would put "ntt"  It would be "ass"  January has an a in it. And we want to output a so we will put n. February doesn't have an s. March doesn't have an s. April doesn't have an s. May doesn't have an s. June doesn't have an s. July doesn't have an s. August has an s and we want to output the s so we put t.  "What if someone used an A from April" then they would put "ptt"  A decrypted message. The letters always go 1 to the left of a month the encrypted message letters go 1 to the right.  The program checks each month for a certain letter if it has that certain letter then it will go 1 letter to the right. But if that certain letter is at the end of the month name then it will choose that certain letter automatically.  The program in work: Me: How are you?  *Program checks each month in a list* *It finds the particular letters of the word that i inputted* *then it shifts to the right 1 time* *if the letter is the last letter of the month name then it won't shift* *if a letter is used that doesn't exist in any Months then it will put the letter first then it will add a star behind it just so you can know that it shouldn't be shifted* *and also once it puts a star behind that particular letter then it will start back at January and go down again to find more letters* *and if 2 letters within your message are both in the name of the same month then it will use them but remember it will shift to the right if the letter isn't the last letter* Encrypted data: hcw*nybyca  Now let's talk about Adding Numbers. Each number will represent a month. 1.January 2.February 3.March 4.April 5.May 6.June 7.July 8.August 9.September 10.October 11.November 12.December  If you were to put the number 1 into the program it would convert it to j for January. #j would mean that it is a number. Example:   Me: Call 1 *program checks letters and numbers* *spots C on March and shift to the right* *Spots a on January* *Spots L on April* *Spots 1 on and use it for January* Output: hnll#j
